
This repo contains code from one of my PhD projects. Here, I investigate how neuropeptide signaling may influence olfactory neuronal circuit function. To test this, we identified dense-core vesicles, which likely contain neuropeptides, in a fully reconstructed, local circuit obtained using serial section electron microscopy. We find that all neurons studied contain dense-core vesicles, suggesting that these neurons may express both neurotransmitters and neuropeptides (two different kinds of signaling molecules). In addition, we find that many presynaptic sites contain dense-core vesicles in addition to neurotransmitter-containing synaptic vesicles, suggesting that neurons may release both neurotransmitters and neuropeptides from these sites. Co-transmission of different kinds of signaling molecules increases the flexibility of neuronal circuits, which is useful for information processing. We also find that presynaptic sites with a particular kind of partner are more likely to contain dense-core vesicles than expected by chance, suggesting that neurons may preferentially target neuropeptides to particular neuronal partners. Finally, we developed a novel data visualization approach that allowed us to show that these presynaptic sites are clustered on neuronal branches. We hypothesize that this clustering may facilitate delivery of dense-core vesicles to prticular presynaptic sites.

** I am currently in the process of adding example code and making it a little more approachable for non-scientific audiences. ** Thanks for your patience.
